Adds warning that these two features do not work in conjunction (#585)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/secondary-dns.markdown

# Secondary DNS

<warning>

>   You cannot set up Secondary DNS if you have [DNSSEC](/articles/dnssec) enabled, as they will not work in conjunction. Please ensure that you are not currently using DNSSEC, or have this feature disabled before using Secondary DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You cannot set up Secondary DNS if you have [DNSSEC](/articles/dnssec) enabled, as they will not work in conjunction. Please ensure that you are not currently using DNSSEC, or disable DNSSEC before using Secondary DNS.
```

Author: Thank you! And agreed, they should be a separate article that can be linked to from the warning.
